So in terms of where we are on the website, or in the project in general, it's basically just me working on it and then coordinating with Lillia to get the okay on things and moving forward. So we haven't even started the renovation yet, but we do have an idea of what it's gonna look like and how the four parts of the project are working together. So in the main house, there's six rooms, which is the hotel part of it, or Le Jeteral. Then there's gonna be a wellness center on the property, which is in an older building we're reconverting. And then there's gonna be a restaurant, obviously, on the grounds. And then the thing, as you said, that's thematic and overarching on all three pillars, let's say, is the retreats that we'll be organizing. So if it's yoga or agro-related or kitchen, cooking, team buildings, events, they'll touch the restaurant, the hotel, and the wellness options. So that's the general organization.

Everything is written out perfectly and summarized in the website text document I sent you underneath every part, basically. So I can definitely transfer all the information into the different folders that you did, if you prefer having it separate folders one by one. But basically, the organization did, which is really good. I have it all in one way or another under my document, which is the one I sent you. So let me know if that makes sense. 

In terms of the graphic designer, she's working on developing the logos in the short graphic based on this structure that we agreed with. So it's the four, the three main pillars and then the overarching pillars, which is the d'aurotraite or c'est vaudeville aspect.

So each one has a logo and an icon. Um, we're gonna, even for the, for the website, it's going to have like the c'est journée icon, you click on it, you flip, you're on the d'arcaide logo. Uh, c'est d'éton, when you click on it, you turn around, there's the with the icon and you get into this last section. So everything from the website and how I structured it is what we're working on with a graphic designer. So as soon as that's ready, hopefully by the end of the month or maximum mid-March, um, I'll obviously upload and send you the châte d'affique and the logos, uh, everything concerning the website. 

Then finally, the third aspect for the website creation. So now I discuss the text, I discuss the graphics, and now the last part is the photos and videos.

We're meeting with a photographer and videographer next week, and we're going to hopefully start shooting pictures of the property and then making the short videos. But these are going to be uploaded, au fure à monsieur, because, for example, I want a video on the renovation, like the before and after, which we won't be getting before the end of the year. So it's basically just coming in step by step, but we don't have everything at hand yet to create the website. So the idea would be to create the structure, because we know the structure, or if you can code the structure. And then once the text is approved, we upload the text. Once the video is there, we can upload the videos. Once we have the graphics and the logos, then we can complete it with that. We basically just need the massive structure or format of the website, and for not any time soon, either. 

Like, if you're busy right now, we can also say that we pick up this work in, let's say, April, for example, or May, because by then I'll have the graphics and I'll have the pictures and videos and Lidia will have approved the text. So we'll have the final version of the text and then we can figure out, I'll create a brief for you, we can figure out step by step how to move forward, basically. But yeah, it's not urgent.

There's nothing urgent. And we don't have all of the elements yet. They're coming in in the next couple of weeks and months. I don't know if that helps you understand where we're at in the project. 